[DOCFIX] Fix the inaccurate statement in the caching doc (#15347)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/core-services/Caching.md

blocks around tiers based on block annotation policies.

Below configuration is honoured by each individual tier management task:
- `alluxio.worker.management.task.thread.count`: How many threads to use for management tasks. 
  (Default: the maximum value of `4` and `CPU core count`.

>   Check the up-to-date [reference]({{ 'en/reference/Properties-List.html#alluxio.worker.management.task.thread.count' | relativize_url }}).)

Reviewer: i think the relative links need the leading `/`?
```suggestion
  Check the up-to-date [reference]({{ '/en/reference/Properties-List.html#alluxio.worker.management.task.thread.count' | relativize_url }}).)
```

Author: good catch, thank you @Xenorith ! just fixed it, could you take a look again?

Reviewer: the build caught it too
```
2022/04/19 20:49:48 Errors found in documentation markdown
  /tmp/docsCheck902138475/docs/en/core-services/Caching.md:
    326: relative link pointed to unknown file en/reference/Properties-List.html
    329: relative link pointed to unknown file en/reference/Properties-List.html
```
but i wrote the check so i can catch easier. now it looks good

- `alluxio.worker.management.block.transfer.concurrency.limit`: How many block transfers can execute concurrently. 
  (Default: the maximum value of  `2` and `CPU core count / 2`. 

>   Check the up-to-date [reference]({{ 'en/reference/Properties-List.html#alluxio.worker.management.block.transfer.concurrency.limit' | relativize_url }}).)

Reviewer: ditto here

blocks around tiers based on block annotation policies.

Below configuration is honoured by each individual tier management task:
- `alluxio.worker.management.task.thread.count`: How many threads to use for management tasks. (Default: the maximum value of `4` and `CPU core count`)

> - `alluxio.worker.management.block.transfer.concurrency.limit`: How many block transfers can execute concurrently. (Default: the maximum value of  `2` and `CPU core count / 2`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `alluxio.worker.management.block.transfer.concurrency.limit`: How many block transfers can execute concurrently. (Default: the maximum value of `2` and `CPU core count / 2`)
```

Reviewer: i wonder if it is better to reference the properties list doc as the source of truth for the default value: https://docs.alluxio.io/os/user/stable/en/reference/Properties-List.html

otherwise this part will be out of date until someone manually catches it.

Author: @Xenorith is it possible to put an html anchor to each property? otherwise it might be a little bit difficult for the users to navigate to the right place of the property.

Author: Or is there a better approach to embed a property snippet with its default value and comments in the doc?  I just found there are quite a few properties in this doc, is it awkward if I put a link for each of them?

Reviewer: i think it is possible with some jekyll magic

Reviewer: i don't know about other embedding approaches though. but providing an anchor link seems useful in general; one less than step compared to going to page then searching the entire page by copying the property key

Reviewer: oh i just tried to manually add in the anchor and it works already! looks like it was added a while back in https://github.com/Alluxio/alluxio/pull/6582

ex. https://docs.alluxio.io/os/user/stable/en/reference/Properties-List.html#alluxio.worker.management.block.transfer.concurrency.limit

Author: Awesome, I will update this pr to add an anchor links, thx!

Author: @Xenorith the link added
